(Breaking change) chore: change default target-branch to main (#510)
helm/chart-testing: examples/kind/README.md

`kind` is a tool for running local Kubernetes clusters using Docker container "nodes".

This example shows how to lint and test charts using CircleCi and [kind](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kind).

> It creates a cluster with a single main node and one worker node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It creates a cluster with a single control-plane node and one worker node.
```
